
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

## Reproducible Research: A Talk on How to Do the Same Thing More Than Once

Computational reproducibility is the ability to obtain identical results
from the same data with the same computer code. The high rate of
irreproducible research limits the reach of results and decreases the
efficiency of researchers. Reproducible research is a building block for
transparent and cumulative science because it enables the originator and
other researchers, on other computers and later in time, to reproduce
and thus understand how results came about. In this talk, I present a
conceptual analysis of what it takes to work reproducible, provide hints
on how to work reproducible in practice, and what problems researchers
are likely to encounter.

## Reproducible Research in R: A Workshop on How to Do the Same Thing More Than Once

Many researchers want to work reproducibly, but it is not easy.
Considerable time is required to acquire the skills required for
reproducible research, and the path is lined with pitfalls. This
workshop gets researchers up to speed on how to create reproducible data
analyses in R (and beyond). Specifically, researchers learn to automate
the whole process from raw data to publishable manuscripts. This
automation is possible by combining dynamic document generation (via R
Markdown), version control (via Git), workflow orchestration (via Make)
and software management (via Docker). These tools and, therefore,
automatic reproduction of results are available on any machine with
Docker installed. The resulting workflow is, hence, highly transferable
across machines and time. These core properties of reproducibility are
demonstrated for any reader by automatically reproducing the manuscript
online. *Note: The workshop teaches the practical side of theoretical
concepts put forward in the talk with the same title.*

## Getting Started

Hi there, great that you made it\!

It is useful to keep the [slides open
alongside](https://aaronpeikert.github.io/repro-workshop/presentation.html#1)
(who likes typing links?).

Lets get started by creating an account on Github and RStudio Cloud
(login below, if you already have one).

### Sign Up

#### GitHub

<https://github.com/signup>

#### RStudio Cloud

*Use Option: “Sign Up with GitHub”*

<https://login.rstudio.cloud/register>

### Sign In

#### GitHub

<https://github.com/login>

#### RStudio Cloud

*Use Option: “Log In with GitHub”*

<https://login.rstudio.cloud/login>

## RStudio Cloud

Now that you have acces to RStudio Cloud, open the project:

<https://rstudio.cloud/content/4366949>
